what is VBCS:
vbcs is visual builder cloud service is to create web and host applications 
without any extensive coding knowledge and development expertise.

why used VBCS:
vbcs is you can access to powerful visual app tools like components,drag-and-drop
actions and more over user interface. you can deploy anywhere in cloud.

difference between vbcs and apex:
-->vbcs is a oracle JET(javascript extension toolkit) is to provide development
applications development.
javascript has become de-facto(extensive workflow) standres for application development.
-->Apex is pl/sql based development tool but recent enhecement 
oracle makes javascript in apex now apex is oracle server side code

what is business objects:
BO is resource such as invoice and purchase order similar to database table.
it has fields hold the data for your application like a database table.
here business objects provides stuctuare for data used with business processes.
then business objects stored in database.

what are languages are used in VBCS:
html and css and javascript
html->components,templetes,stuctuare
css->styling,responsive web design.
javascript->funtionality purpose.

what is action chains and action:
Action chains simplfy the coordination of asynchronous activities.
a single event may simultneously trigger multiple action chains.
for example:
------>the page enters event may trigger multiple data fetch action chains simultneously.This task is perform is a specific function that is called action.
here some action chains:
onValueChange,vbEnter.

what is event and event listeners:
1.event and eventlisteners are interactive and dynamic user interface.
2.events are like actions here the example by clicking a button,
   submitting a form,resizing a window.
3.events can be triggered by user interactions or by changes in the application's state.
4.Event listeners are functions or procedures that are programmed to respond to specific events
5.For example, you might have a button in your application that, when clicked, should perform a specific action, such as saving data or navigating to another page.

what is service connection and q parameter:
1.To access data from some external application we can use rest services. 
2.In Oracle Visual Builder the Rest APIs are consumed using Service Connections. ->Service Connections in Oracle Visual Builder are one of the building blocks 
  that help to communicate with external applications
3."q" parameter in a service connection in Oracle Visual Builder is used to specify a query string that filters the data returned from the service.

variables:
Variables are named pieces of information that hold business state.
when bound to a component, can provide data values retrieved from a REST endpoint and display them to your users.

Ojet Commands For Build An application:
npm install -g @oracle/ojet-cli
ojet create <app name>(App name) --template=navdrawer
